The share of EVs or electric vehicles.
Among the total number of cars rose to 76
per 10,000 in the EU in 2021,
from only two per 10,000 in 2013.
All these figures
shows the time of a sea change
in the automotive sector in Europe,
but the number of vehicles
of eligible vehicles is still small.
Some countries,
such as Norway, have taken the lead.
But in Germany, for example,
actual sales seem
like behind the original plans
and projection.
This is due for several reasons.
Most importantly, the cost of the vehicle
with the battery
as the primary cost driver, inadequate
charging infrastructure,
limited range and time needed for charging
without an adequate charging
infrastructure.
Sales of electric vehicles
will remain slow,
and without enough vehicles on the road,
there is no incentive
for investors to provide an adequate
charging infrastructure.
The same holds true for battery prices.
They remain high when only a few electric
cars are being sold
and the high battery prices in turn affect
the attractiveness of electric cars.
Another factor which slows down,
which slows down,
is the market penetration of electric
cars, is the competing charging standards.
In Europe, there are at least three
infrastructure standards of fast charging.